Don't know what is going on? Start here: https://novicell.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/NDW/pages/2149122735
2
3# Setup
4
5Congrats, you have cloned a shopify theme project!
6
7## Partner access
8
9Make sure you have partner access to the store. Contact project manager if in doubt. You will need this to login into customer stores.
10
11## Create `config.yml` file
12
13Create `config.yml` file at the root folder with following contents:
14
15```
16development:
17  password: PRIVATE_APP_PASSWORD
18  theme_id: THEME_ID
19  store: SHOPIFY_STORE_URL
20  directory: src/theme
21  ignore_files:
22  - src/config/settings_data.json
23  - config/settings_data.json
24  - src/locales/*.json
25  - locales/*.json
26```
27
28- Replace PRIVATE_APP_PASSWORD with password of a private App which has access to write changes to themes. 
29- Replace THEME_ID with an ID of the theme you want to deploy to ( [Example](https://support.boldcommerce.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039709212-Find-a-Shopify-Theme-s-ID-Number) )
30- Replace SHOPIFY_STORE_URL with shopify store URL you're working with (for example my-store.myshopify.com )
31
32`config.yml` will be used by theme kit CLI to deploy changes to a specific store and a specific theme. This theme should be your development theme. Don't deploy directly to production themes.
33
34You can read more about config.yml at [Themekit](https://shopify.github.io/themekit/configuration/)
35
36## Install theme kit
37
38Install theme kit from [Theme kit](https://shopify.github.io/themekit/)
39
40## Deploying to development environment
41
42### What is a development environment
43Shopify is cloud hosted solution, so it is not possible to run a local environment where you can preview themes. Instead, your changes have to be uploaded through Shopify’s API to a development theme. This is automated through Shopify’s Theme Kit CLI tool. In an earlier step, we created a `config.yml` file which idenfies a specific store and theme to deploy changes to. Themekit CLI will be used to automatically deliver changes in the repository to that store/theme. Of course, one should not deploy directly to production. For that reason, themes should represent environments.
44
45General setup for themes on the store is:
46- The production theme ( "XYZ Production" ) - automatically deployed to by Continues Integration
47- The staging theme ( "XYZ Staging" ) -  automatically deployed to by Continues Integration
48- Development themes(s) ( "XYZ Development EVR" ) - deployed to from developer's machine. Generally, one of these themese per developer working on the project in order to avoid conflicting changes.
49
50### How do I deploy my changes and see them in Shopify
51
52- (Make sure themekit is installed and is accessible in CLI)
53- (Clone the repository)
54- (Setup `config.yml` as mentioned earlier)
55- Create a new branch from master/default branch
56- In a CLI tool of your choice, navigate to the root of the repository (such that `config.yml` is available)
57- Run `theme deploy -n -e=development` to deploy all files in the repository/branch to the store/theme. `-n` flag tells Themekit to not delete additional files from Shopify - for example, those files may be files generated by apps and the theme may not function as expected without them. `development` is the environment nam from `config.yml`
58- When you're ready to start working, run `theme watch -e=development`. This will cause Theme kit to watch for changes in the `src` directory
59- To preview your theme, run `theme open --env=development`
60